Respected Readers,

Please Listen to my proposal for once.

Basic needs of humans are the only thing someone needs to survive and food is the only one you might only need to survive.

People who don't get food cannot survive.
Lets see into this problem now.

I am designing a way to solve the food scarcity problem in the world.

Suppose there is scarcity of food in a village x and as we know if you take a place as a circle center you will find many other villages inside its perimeter so let's take an example of any village y in the perimeter which has food with them they can share the food with village x right. But sharing will create scarcity in the village y too if not enough after sharing food which still creates a problem.

Now let's find a Village from village y opposite to the direction of village x and search for some village and see if they have food.
If sharing the food from the village still creates scarcity then let's again search in the same way until we find a village which has sufficient food who even after sharing can have sufficient food.

Now after finding it we can transport the food to the nearest village to the inner and this is important if the village who is getting food had some food before they could have shared it with the village in its inner circle which had scarcity and this way you can solve the food scarcity problem. As we are taking a circle model we will have multiple ways to achieve this.
The problem which arises here is transportation as a single village must have to transport food a number of times to its next village as the transportation is point to point where before the model was a single trip.
So some organizations should help us in this field as this is the only problem in this situation. But if we use this food solution with vehicle fuel we can solve it too. I am still trying to draw the layout of the solution's problems but still with the help of some organization we can fix it until we create a solution for it. I am making a chakravyuh model and fitting it into this solution model for now for vehicle problems.

a village x will get food which village y had and solve food scarcity problem for village x and village y who donated their food will be helped by the village around him and so on goes on with the radius. If villages are notified before time that they will get food they can share food immediately and food will reach eventually to both villages.
more outside the village from the center will have more trips because the food is being distributed from outside the circle to inside the circle and has to go through it but being a circle the division will decrease as we have a 360° division load for the village.

Another problem is still the food will rot as we are sharing the same food over and over again from village to village so we need to look into this problem too. My solution is just a fast way of transportation of food if availability is there. If the trips are faster we will get no problems in food scarcity and some day the people of the area will eventually be prepared enough I believe so. If each place separates a food donation storage and operates by passing on the food it will be like a village will donate to its inner circle and outer circle village will donate to us making it a never ending process and thus the problem solved in itself.

Longer the trips the more the food might rot which is still bad so in this way we can transport food from any part of the world to another in a better way by not transporting a food of a certain part to another but sharing from immediate nearby places. If every city and villages will have this system built and properly designed no village in the world will go empty stomach at night. The village won't need to preserve the food which might also lead to rotten food supplies. Instead they can share the food and get it replaced by another village.

People might not be eager to donate their food and get a replacement for that but it is a good start of changing views on this topic.

People waste food. It doesn't need to be bad, disposing food in the garden can be good compost where you can grow new vegetables.
We people donate the wasted food to other peoples but i don't want to make it that way food can rot in a way which can be harmful to an unhealthy body. Instead a way of sharing raw food is better than sharing wasted food. And if even if this doesn't create an idea please listen to this "Don't fear as Whatever we donated will come back our way."

All I want to say is God has made earth spherical for a reason which we shouldn't ignore and use it to fulfill our duty and needs as a human.

I come from Nepal, Nepal is still largely an agrarian nation with around 62% of total population engaged in agriculture and we still suffer food scarcity, same goes with other of my neighbouring countries and all other countries around our planet.

I am a student who would like to solve the problem for our planet's future. I beg for a response from your side.

Yours Sincerely,
Jay Mehta.