Station arrives it was longest night of a day. The station is empty and a mountain beside. Fortunatly there were auto there but unfortunatley we have a crazy mind. Took decision over a churot and started walking with the hill. He said not a good idea me says cant have a better idea. My legs were burning upon 1/3 the losing over the hill came back again. spotted many scenes wait i will explain idk the sequence of the scenes but let me give you the hint.


As we were  walking downhill somewhere we saw a town on lights over there. And we were fighting wih gravity and sliding. Seeing over head couldnt contain the happiness in such short body. wished if i could watch the citylights for more time over there.
Another spot was like a police van and a police fighting with someone. Sorry but he was high as F. Now we were little awkward passing by the police van as he saw us at it was night guys really powerful energy we had while passing by him. We stepped little further and discussed what if he starts asking questions oh my god did he heard that because next moment and we had me in front of us in his van asking us to drop somewhere. While I was ready because of that tight hill walk rest two didnt wanted so we had a funny debate with the policeman guy. and cant believe my eyes just that position behind we had milky cloud behind. You need to visit haflong oh sorry i hadnt gave up the name yet yes i did it now so moving on from there we reached a sclupture of someone made over there as they were debating over the town distance i took a jump inside the area of sclupture and gave him a look it was night guys or what the sclupter would also have given me a look because i was sipping RS there uhmmm it was hot and then i took a turn around and slept behind the scluptures. Now after some of there discussion was ending we moved on now we reach a original viewpoint not like the previous points this one was Legit man. So we went up the stairs and sat and lighted the ciggy with mayo oh wow what a view literaaly could have been the best part yet but the best is still to come now i say that look there was someone sleeping over there and as he woke up he asked did we had a churot okay so we offered him one so now he starts talking and the best part of the trip comes now as he spoke we came to know about unknowns. He told us all the things we didnt expected untill now 